# ML_101
- The science of making computers learn without programming them explicitly 
- Netflex recommendation system predicts user's preference for movies based on past ratings

## Supervised Learning
The goals is to learn a general rule or function that maps inputs to outputs
- The function is general enough and we try to minimize some err metrics on a held-out dataset.
- Examples:
  - [ ] Regression: target variable is continuous 
  - [ ] Logistic regression
  - [ ] Support vecotr machines
  - [ ] Neural networks
  - [ ] Decision trees, random forests, and gradient boosted machines
  - [ ] Classification: target variable (output) is categorial (ie. Y or N)
 
## Unsupervised Learning
Learner is provided with a set of inputs but no output:
- With the goal of finding structure in the input, such as **clustering** (putting inputs in categories)
- Since observations do NOT come with targets, we cannot preform regression or classification
- The goal is to find intrinsic structure in the data by identifying similarities btw observations. 
- Examples:
- [ ] Clustering
- [ ] K-means clusters
- [ ] Mixture models,
- [ ] The expectation maximization algorithm 

## Reinforcement Learning
The learner interacts with the environment by taking certain actions. 
- The environment reacts with a reward or punshiment for each action.
- The goal is to maximize the long-term reward, ie. AlphaGo. 
- The learner interacts with the environment by performing certain actions and learn based on the feedbacks received.
- The feedback is in the form of rewards or punishments, and the goal is the maximize long-term rewards.
- A move that generates immediate reward may not be the best move in the long-term. 
- Reinforcement learning is usedful in A/B testing, marketing, and robot control 

